docs: Add release notes and git auto-commit warning (#2982)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: modules/applications/pages/ui-builder/ui-builder-release-notes.adoc

= Release Notes

> :description: This is the release notes for Bonita 1.2.0 version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:description: This is the release notes for Bonita UI Builder
```

== UI Builder 1.2.0

Here’s an overview of the enhancements (not an exhaustive list):

=== Enhancements in the JS and Query Editors

New Split View for both the JS editor and the Query editor is a major convenience upgrade.
It gives you an all-in-one workspace for writing and debugging code or queries while viewing the live, interactive UI on the same screen.

> Moreover, the editors have been enhanced to let you open and manage multiple queries or JS editors in separate tabs within the same panel.

Reviewer: Adding whitespace for lisibility
```suggestion

Moreover, the editors have been enhanced to let you open and manage multiple queries or JS editors in separate tabs within the same panel.
```
